[WOMEN CHATTERING ON TV]
[WATER DRIPPING]
[SOFT CLATTERING]
[DOMINOES JANGLING]
[GASPS]
[GROANS EXCITEDLY]
I think I'm getting
really good at this.
What-- What do you think
the record is?
It's gotta be a lot,
but what do you think it is?
Yeah.
What do you think the record is?
The record...?
Yeah.
I don't-- I don't know.
Like-- Like hundreds.
Hundreds. At least hundreds.
Like, I-- I would need
more dominoes.
I'm just feel like I'm getting
really good at this.
You know, you just
have to set it up.
And then you have these,
you just have to set it up.
And the people come. They come
up and they count them.
That's how it works.
But if you knock it over
before they come over here,
it doesn't count anymore.
If I just set it up correctly
and the record people
come over...
Nacho's not here. We haven't
heard anything from him.
[SCREAMS]
We don't know where he is.
He's been gone a long time.
Please don't hurt me.
We haven't heard anything.
We don't know anything.
Please. Please. Please.
Ladies...
[LOUDER] Ladies...
Pay attention, please.
[MUFFLED GRUNTING]
I have a message from Nacho.
He won't be coming back.
He sends his regrets.
So here's
what's going to happen.
You're going
to take what's yours
and you're going to leave.
[STAMMERING]
You want us to leave?
Wait, that man,
where is he going?
He's helping you
gather your things.
But...
But we like it here.
Well, now you're going
to like it someplace else.
You're going to take this.
Get on a bus.
Go to your families.
Don't have a family?
Then you go to a friend.
You don't have friends?
Then make some.
But I strongly suggest
you do whatever you can
to get back on your feet.
But do it
far away from here.
This goes back in my pocket
in five seconds.
[SUITCASE THUDS ON FLOOR]
You won't like
what happens next.
You never come back.
[DOMINOES CLATTER]
Two-and-a-half deep.
Two-and-a-half wide.
Three-and-a-half high.
Tuthill, dial lock on the left.
Yeah. Yeah.
[PHONE BEEPS OFF]
[♪♪♪]
[DRILL SHUTS OFF]
[BRAKES SQUEAL]
[ENGINE SHUTS OFF]
[♪♪♪]
["BETTER CALL SAUL" THEME
PLAYING]
I was a hard worker.
I was a company man.
Twenty years,
and I didn't miss a single day.
They even gave me
a plaque for it.
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
It was a gold plaque.
Perfect attendance.
But when they handed it to me...
I wrenched my back.
I was in so much pain,
I couldn't do my job.
Which meant I couldn't
put food on the table.
I didn't wanna sue.
But with a family to support,
what choice did I have?
Wait, who are you
supposed to be again?
Whatever. The backstory
is just a placeholder.
I'm gonna polish the script
once we cast.
But a personal injury suit?
Best-case scenario,
that gets them in
with an associate.
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
Mesothelioma.
Ahem, when I took that job
at the shoe factory,
I had no idea
I was risking my life.
Now I can't stop coughing.
[COUGHS]
Right, come on.
Hey, a mesothelioma
class action
built Clifford Main
his vacation house.
He hears "mesothelioma,"
his eyes pop.
Well, sure, but then
he takes the case.
What happens when he asks
for a medical evaluation, right?
And how does Howard come up?
Okay, ask me why I'm here.
What brings you
to Davis & Main today?
I'm sick. I'm really sick.
Good.
And it's not mesothelioma,
but it's not good.
And I need a lawyer,
and the pickings are slim.
I already went to HHM.
I met with their top guy,
Howard Hamlin, and, uh...
Uh, I've got a brother-in-law,
and he's got a pretty nasty
coke habit, very similar energy.
It just put me off.
Anyway, I need a lawyer.
Blah-blah-blah.
Okay, but you got a bad feeling
from just one meeting?
Yeah, with the brother-in-law
with the coke.
Yeah, but you were only
in the room with him once.
So it's gotta be someone
with a history with Howard.
But Cliff has to wanna take
the meeting, but not the case...
Right.
[SIGHS]
It's gotta be good
but not too good...
Exactly. There's a sweet spot,
you know, like a magnet.
We pull Cliff in
and then repel him.
[SUCKS TEETH]
Oh!
What?
[SIGHS]
You are going to hate this.
[PAPERS RUSTLING]
Incident report.
Autopsy report. Site map.
It all checks out.
Dental records too.
This is everything?
Everything the Federales have.
How did the fire start?
It began at the kitchen stove.
They think,
uh, someone was cooking
when it all went down.
[PHONE BEEPS TWICE]
Don Juan, I have had
another thought
about how we might
keep the peace.
[INSECTS BUZZING]
[BIRD CHIRPING]
Wow.
[INHALES DEEPLY]
[FAN HUMMING]
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
[PRINTER BUZZING]
[EASY-LISTENING MUSIC PLAYING
OVER SPEAKERS]
Okey-dokey.
We'll just take
these little bits off for you.
We recycle,
so you can feel good about that.
Alrighty.
That's $246.73 for you.
But first we need
a few little signatures.
Just here.
Good. And...
[ELECTRONIC DOOR BELL RINGS]
Be right with--
[DOOR CLOSES]
Um, and one more
right here.
And that's all
there is to it.
Here you go.
They'll cash this
over at the casino for me?
They sure will.
Thank you for choosing
Sweet Liberty Tax Services.
Thank you.
Tell your friends.
I sure will.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Hello, Betsy,
long time no see.
Get out.
I have something very exciting
I wanted to discuss
with you and your husband.
We are not interested.
I am asking you nicely
to leave our place of business.
This you're gonna wanna hear.
If you don't leave right now,
my husband is going to remove
you from this establishment.
Bodily.
A golden opportunity
like this
only comes--
Craig?
Mr. Kettleman,
may I see you up front?
Mr. McGill.
[CRAIG CHUCKLES]
Hey.
Oh! Good to see you.
It's Goodman now, actually.
Saul Goodman. Long story.
But, hey,
you're looking fit.
I see county
didn't do you any harm.
Yeah. You know,
they have
a surprisingly good
exercise program.
It's aerobics, mostly?
Craig!
Honey, maybe we should
discuss this in private.
Oh. Excuse us for a second.
We have a little tax emergency--
BETSY: Craig!
Yep.
Okay.
Go. Just get--
Okay, just--
You've got some nerve coming
here after what you did. Thief!
Because of you,
we lost everything.
Our kids are in
public school.
So why don't you
go crawl back
under whatever slime-covered
rock you came from
and leave us the heck alone!
Okay.
I sense some anger here.
But, uh, that's
perfectly understandable.
Since you brought it up,
I came here today
because I was curious if you two
wanted your lives back.
There's actually a legal term
for it. Exoneration.
Oh, you know,
we actually did look into that.
Yup.
We went
to a number of lawyers and--
Real lawyers.
Yes. They were all terrific.
But they said
that it was impossible.
Mm-hm.
Okay, but those lawyers
don't know what I know.
What's that?
No, Craig, he's got an angle.
I do have an angle, Craig.
It's an angle called justice.
Oh, yeah.
Just let me put it this way.
Ahem. I think
that within Craig's case,
I have found the grounds
for a civil suit. A big one.
[SOFTLY]
Big.
Okay, then,
let's hear it.
Let's hold your horses. We've
been down this road before.
The last time
I gave you advice,
you went straight
to the competition.
So I just need some assurances
that all my hard work
isn't gonna end up
in the hands of, uh, Clifford
Main or some other asshole
at some pretentious
Santa Fe white-shoe law firm.
So before we talk turkey...
letters of engagement.
Yes.
Now, you remember these.
I made some updates.
Just closed a few loopholes
and whatnot.
So, uh...
We're not signing anything.
You have to sign if you wanna
know what I know, so...
We're not signing.
Really? You're sure?
Yep.
Craig?
Thanks anyway.
[CLICKS]
All right, well, uh...
Sorry we couldn't
work something out.
I'm sure you are.
[WHISPERS]
He has something
that can exonerate me.
No, he doesn't.
He is a crook.
He is a crookity crook.
Mr. Goodman?
[CLICKS]
Best decision you've ever made.
Here you go.
Oh.
So, what do you know?
You got one too, Betsy.
Oh, come on. That's not--
Ow.
All right, well,
we're officially in business.
Ahem, I have it
on good authority
that Craig here
was not given proper counsel.
We already knew that.
But did you ask yourselves why?
No. Why?
What if I told you
that in your hour of need,
the person who was supposed
to be on your side was impaired?
Impaired?
He's a person of
substance.
Substance?
[WHISPERS INDISTINCTLY]
I know. This person is...
he substance in question being
a certain illegal white powder.
That awful woman with the
ponytail is a cocaine addict?
No, not
Kim Wexler. No.
Craig's lead attorney,
Howard Hamlin.
Oh.
But he was so professional.
And energetic. Upbeat...
BETSY: Oh.
"Oh," is right.
So upbeat is bad?
In this case,
it's textbook malpractice.
I mean,
the magic phrase is
"ineffective assistance
of counsel."
If your guy wasn't nose-deep
in the devil's dandruff,
well, Craig's case would've
turned out completely different.
Oh, my God.
Don't we need
some kind of proof?
All the dirty laundry
comes out in discovery.
Just the trips to rehab.
Mm-hm.
Secret drug deals.
All we've gotta do
is get the ball rolling.
So I say we get started
on your affidavits.
Yes.
About that.
We happen to know a thing or two
about our rights, Mr. McGill.
And it doesn't matter
what you forced us to sign.
We don't have to work
with any lawyer we don't want.
And that means...
you're fired.
I am not fired.
Oh, yes, you are.
No. No.
He's fired?
But, Craig--
Craig!
No, you can't fire me.
I found this case.
It's mine.
Hey, you wanna hear
about rights?
The second you say where
you got this information from,
guess who
automatically gets a cut?
Me! So go ahead!
Go ahead! See what happens!
God!
[SLAMS]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[SNIFFING]
[SQUEAKING, RATTLING]
[SHUTS OFF]
[SWITCH CLICKS]
[DOG BARKING IN DISTANCE]
[♪♪♪]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
[FOOTSTEPS DRAWING CLOSER]
[DOOR KNOB RATTLES]
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
[LOCK CLICKS]
[SIGHS]
[PLAYING FOLK MUSIC]
Hey, do you have a sec?
Of course. What's up?
I've got a prospective client
in my office,
and I wanted to check with you
before I turn him away.
Who is it?
Remember the old
Bernalillo County treasurer?
The one who embezzled...
I think it was something
like $2 million?
Kettlebell...
Kettleman. Craig Kettleman.
Yes.
Now Mr. Kettleman's here
with his wife
because they wanna sue
his former lawyers.
They're saying
he didn't have proper counsel.
Didn't HHM handle that case?
We didn't get into the details.
They wanted to talk
to someone in charge,
and I'm just a, quote,
"prepubescent intern."
What's the basis
of their claim?
Cocaine.
Howard Hamlin?
Oh, you don't see it right away.
He is very high functioning.
He's living a life
outside his life...
Yes, he is.
...as they sometimes say.
Yup.
CLIFFORD:
And what leads you
to believe this?
Well, we heard that...
I heard certain things...
Yup.
...during my incarceration.
It was pretty much
common knowledge
out in the yard.
In the yard. Yeah.
Common knowledge.
Out in the yard.
Those drug people can
spot each other a mile away.
They just know.
Yeah.
Did you have any evidence
to support this?
Well, it will all come out
in discovery.
Discovery.
All his drug purchases,
his drug associates, hm?
All of that gets on the record
during discovery.
Discovery.
Yup.
Okay.
But you're the expert here.
[CHUCKLES]
We are prepared
to give our affidavits
anytime.
Today would even be
perfectly convenient for us.
Yes, we are ready
when you are.
Yes.
[CHUCKLES]
Well, I want to thank you for
taking the time to come see us.
Unfortunately, I don't think
we're gonna be able to help.
Our firm is partnering
with HHM on another case,
so this would be
a clear conflict of interest.
Partnering with them?
Well, surely that will change
now that you know the facts.
With the...
Can I give you some advice?
You're gonna have
a difficult time pursuing this
no matter who your lawyer is.
Overturning a conviction
in a case like Craig's
is extremely difficult.
Even if these allegations
were true...
And I gotta tell you,
it does not sound
like the Howard Hamlin
that I know.
...it is unlikely
that you will succeed.
So you won't represent Craig?
I'm afraid not.
Well, then, we will take
our business elsewhere.
CLIFFORD:
Sorry we couldn't be of help.
BETSY: I bet you are.
Okay.
Wow.
Yeah.
I know I don't need
to remind you
everything we just heard
was privileged.
Of course.
And Howard Hamlin? Please.
I tried to save you the time.
You did, Erin. Thank you.
[GAME SHOW HOST SPEAKING
INDISTINCTLY ON TV]
[BELL DINGS]
[BUZZER SOUNDS ON TV]
[SPEAKING SOFTLY IN SPANISH]
BOLSA [IN SPANISH]:
He wishes to make amends.
At least hear him out.
Don Hector.
[IN SPANISH]
It is no secret that I did not
see eye to eye with your nephew.
And while the friction
between your family and myself
did not start with him,
today I am reminded
that we are all
Eladio's men.
No matter our disagreements,
a strike against one
is a strike against all.
I hope you will accept
my condolences
and my support as you navigate
this terrible loss.
[IN SPANISH]
Gustavo speaks the truth.
In this matter, he and I both
stand shoulder to shoulder
behind the Salamanca family.
We are still looking for
the traitor, Ignacio Varga.
We will find him.
And then your family
will have justice.
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
[CLEARS THROAT]
[GRUNTS]
[♪♪♪]
JUAN:
We'll be in touch.
[LINE RINGS]
MIKE:
What did you learn?
Lalo Salamanca lives.
[MUTTERING INDISTINCTLY]
[♪♪♪]
Ah.
[GRUNTS,
THEN MUTTERS IN SPANISH]
[CHUCKLES]
[SAW WHIRRING]
[GLASS BREAKS,
METAL CLATTERS]
Jefe.
[♪♪♪]
[DIALING]
[LINE RINGING]
WOMAN [IN SPANISH]:
Motel Ocotillo.
How may I help you?
Disculpe.
[IN SPANISH]
Wrong number.
[♪♪♪]
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
[WHISPERING]
Come on.
Come on, come on, come on...
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
[♪♪♪]
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
[SNIFFS SHARPLY]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
[SINGING SOFTLY IN SPANISH]
[CRUNCHING]
[HUMMING TUNE]
[SINGING SOFTLY IN SPANISH]
NACHO:
Don't.
[♪♪♪]
Get up and turn around.
Slide your gun over.
Who are you
working for?
No se.
[IN SPANISH]
You don't know.
No.
Who is paying you
to watch me?
[IN SPANISH]
A voice on the phone.
They pay me.
I do the work.
What work?
Just to watch.
Police, cartel, whoever.
Heh, señor...
Please,
I don't even know your name.
They ask me
when you get to your room
and to let them know
if you leave.
That's all.
[BEEPS]
[LINE RINGS, THEN CLICKS]
TYRUS:
Yeah?
[IN ENGLISH]
Something's not right, man.
Someone on you?
No. I don't know.
I-I got a bad feeling.
I need to get out of here.
I wouldn't do that.
Just stay put.
I can't stay put, man.
I'll find a way across
on my own.
You wanna get through this,
listen to me.
It won't be much longer.
You go out on your own,
we can't help--
[PHONE RINGS, THEN BEEPS OFF]
[CELL PHONE BUZZING]
[IN SPANISH]
Turn around.
[IN ENGLISH]
Now.
You can't pull the trigger,
friend.
Even in this shithole town,
someone hears a gunshot
and it's all over.
[GUN STRIKES, THEN BODY THUDS]
[♪♪♪]
[CLANGS]
[VEHICLE APPROACHING]
[PANTING]
[WOMAN SCREAMS]
[YELLS]
Aquí. Aquí.
[GROANS]
[SCREAMS]
[TRIGGER CLICKING]
[IN SPANISH]
Alive.
[♪♪♪]
[NACHO GRUNTING]
[ENGINE STARTS, REVS]
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
[SCREECHING]
[YELLING]
[SIGHS]
Okay. Look at this.
I got Judge Papadoumian
tomorrow at 11,
and I want her
to see stars in her eyes.
I don't know about stars.
You might blind her.
All right, no offense.
You don't know her like I do.
Stars.
[CELL PHONE BUZZING]
Saul Goodman,
speedy justice for you.
Hold-- Wait.
Okay, all right.
Just take a breath
and then we can--
Okay, okay,
I can tell you're upset.
Just--
I-I never advised that.
No. No, I did not,
so let's agree to disagree.
Okay, I think you're gonna
wanna meet in person
before you do anything rash.
So how about we meet up
and we can hash this out?
Sure. Tomorrow, first thing.
Uh, 9 a.m., I can come
to your office. That work?
Okay. Okay, good.
I'm surprised
it took them this long.
[SIGHS]
All right.
[GROANS SOFTLY]
You, uh-- You're gonna
use the stick, right?
The stick. Yeah, well,
it's a big stick, it's huge.
But I know these people.
They're more carrot types.
Especially her.
Spoonful of sugar, you know?
[SIGHS]
I think
maybe I'll come too.
Tomorrow? Really?
Sure. I have time.
[KEYBOARD CLACKING]
Okay.
MIKE [OVER RADIO]:
Anything?
All quiet.
Stay sharp.
TYRUS:
Found the truck
but no sign of Varga.
Salamancas have all hands
looking for him,
including the Federales.
He's still not
picking up his cell,
so no way to get a lock on it.
As for Lalo, still missing.
As far as everybody
in the cartel is concerned,
top to bottom, Lalo is dead.
MIKE:
Well, may I offer a thought?
If Salamanca were coming
straight for you,
he'd be here already.
We've got guys watching
anywhere he might turn up
this side of Mexico,
wiretaps on any phone
he might call.
There is not
a whiff of him.
Now, my guess is
he's smart enough to know
it's not in
the Salamanca family interest
to take you out without a reason
the bosses can get behind.
So the odds are
he's searching for Varga.
Finds him alive,
gets him to talk.
Varga's alone
in foreign territory.
No one he can trust.
The kid's smart,
but he's not gonna last.
He's gonna get caught.
Continue.
The best way
to handle this,
I take four of our best guys
across the border
and track Varga down.
Let me find him,
bring him back
before the Salamancas
sweep him up.
It's our only play.
[SIGHS DEEPLY]
[IN SPANISH]
Varga's father.
Bring him here.
No. You're not doing that.
[♪♪♪]
[LOCK CLICKS]
You don't understand.
That's not happening.
Just say the word.
Whatever happens next,
it's not gonna go down
the way you think it is.
[SAFETY CLICKS]
[CELL PHONE BUZZING]
It's him.
Bullshit.
I've been calling Varga
for hours.
He hasn't picked up once.
He's been trying to get me
since he left Salamanca's.
Do you want me to answer it?
[BEEPS]
Yeah?
Yeah.
Not my call.
That's up
to you.
He wants to talk to you.
How the mighty
have fallen, huh?
[CHUCKLES]
Lady Liberty's a nice touch,
though.
Sure you wanna go in?
Yeah.
Let's do this.
[ELECTRONIC DOOR BELL DINGS]
Hello, folks.
Top of the morning.
In the flesh, as promised.
What is she doing here?
Anything you wanna say to me,
you can say
in front of Ms. Wexler.
We're married.
Oh.
Mazel tov.
Fine. I'll talk
in front of her.
I'll talk
in front of anybody.
Everyone's gonna hear
the truth soon enough.
And what truth is that?
There is no case.
There never was a case.
We went
to four different lawyers,
real,
legitimate lawyers,
and they all said
the same thing.
There is not a snowball's chance
in hell there was ever money
or anything else for us
in this "insufficiency
of counsel" nonsense.
I didn't get it
at first.
Why would you
do this?
Why send us down this road?
Then the clouds parted
on your sick little scheme.
You used us,
us and our good name,
to character assassinate
Howard Hamlin.
Somehow, some way, it benefits
you to tear him down.
Yeah, and we're--
We're mad.
Okay, yeah. I'm hearing
a lot of unfounded accusations
being tossed around.
I don't know anything
about schemes
or character assassination
or whatnot.
But, ahem,
if you're feeling slighted,
uh, we can
make it right.
Money?
[SCOFFS]
Money's not gonna
take care of this.
Money takes care
of everything.
Isn't that the motto stitched
onto the Kettleman family crest?
We don't want money.
I am nonplussed.
I'm guessing
you want something.
Do what you promised.
Do what I what?
Exonerate Craig.
Get his good name back.
All right, well,
as you've been advised,
for a number of reasons,
that's not gonna happen.
It is gonna happen. It is.
Just-- You're just
gonna have to figure out a way.
If anyone can do this,
it's you.
I know you don't want us
going to Howard Hamlin.
Because whatever it is
you're up to,
I'm sure he would be
very interested.
Okay, let's just go easy
on the threats.
We want our lives back.
The way they were befo--
Before.
We lost everything!
We didn't deserve
any of this.
Okay. Enough carrot.
[CLEARING THROAT]
[DIAL TONE OVER SPEAKER]
Dial nine to get out.
KIM:
Oh, thank you.
We didn't give her
permission to use it.
Kim.
She needed the phone.
[PHONE DIALING,
THEN LINE RINGS, CLICKS]
WOMAN:
Internal  Revenue  Service,
Albuquerque.
KIM:
Hi, could you put me through
to Justin Stangel
in Criminal Investigations?
One moment, please.
What are you doing? Excuse me.
[LINE BEEPS]
This is Justin.
Justin, Kim Wexler.
How are you?
Hey, Kim!
Good to hear from you.
How are Noreen and the boys?
Oh, hanging in.
Noreen talks about
having you by for dinner.
We should do that.
Tell her to call me.
Listen, I was wondering who
your CID officer is these days.
You have something for us?
Oh, I just might.
Tax preparer fraud.
A lot of it.
I'm listening.
Well, it's this, uh, rundown
little mom-and-pop outfit
I've had my eye on for a while.
Don't ask me why.
Clearly, I need to get a life.
But from what I can glean,
their clients always end up
with smaller refunds
than they deserve.
[QUIETLY]
Please don't do this.
Do the clients sign over
third-party  authorization?
Bingo.
So, what I'm thinking is
these creeps file
legit returns with you guys,
give the clients fake ones
that show about
half the proper amount,
and then pocket the difference.
Classic scam.
Well,  I  know just the guy
to go after these dirtbags.
Tony Oropallo. A real bulldog.
I'll transfer you over.
Such a big help, Justin.
You got it. Talk soon.
You don't have to do this.
[HOLD MUSIC PLAYS OVER SPEAKER]
Don't I? Betsy,
you'll probably get 24 months,
maybe 18 with good behavior.
But, Craig,
you are a two-time loser.
They will definitely make
an example out of you.
Each false return they discover
will be a separate felony.
What are we talking,
a hundred?
[STAMMERS]
Two hundred?
[LINE BEEPS]
CID,  Anthony Oropallo speaking.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Please.
We'll do anything.
Just tell us.
Why would I believe you?
Huh?
Please.
First...
[SIGHS]
First, you contact
every person
you've ripped off.
Tell them you made
an accounting error,
tell them you're crooks who had
a change of heart, I don't care.
Give them
what they are legally owed.
Everything you stole.
And then, after that,
you're going to forget you ever
heard the name Howard Hamlin.
I'm keeping my eye
on both of you.
You think
you've lost everything?
You have no idea.
[ELECTRONIC DOOR BELL DINGS]
[SNIFFLING]
You gave them the money,
didn't you?
[CAR DOOR OPENS]
Wolves and sheep.
Huh?
Nothing.
[ENGINE STARTS]
[CAR ENGINE STARTS]
[♪♪♪]